[system] Enable configuring the `sx` mappings in the `theme` (#35150)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/system/experimental-api/extend-sx-prop/extend-sx-prop.md

> # Extend the `sx` prop

Reviewer: Let's remove back ticks from headlines - they make things feel kind of cluttered/messy.

```suggestion
# Extend the sx prop
```

> <p class="description">Learn about the experimental API for extending or changing the behavior of the `sx` prop.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">Learn about the experimental API for extending or changing the behavior of the sx prop.</p>
```

> ## Extend the `sx` prop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Extend the sx prop
```

> If you wish to add new keys that would be processed by the `sx` prop, you can do that by extending the `unstable_sxConfig` option inside the theme.

Reviewer: Trimming extra words.

```suggestion
You can add new keys to be processed by the `sx` prop by extending the `unstable_sxConfig` option inside the theme, as shown below:
```

{{"demo": "ExtendTheSxProp.js" }}

> ## Override some of the existing behavior

Reviewer 2: This would be faster to grasp what the section is about

```suggestion
## Override existing behavior
```

There is also a possibility to change some of the existing behavior. You can simply provide a custom config in the for the specific key.

> {{"demo": "ChangeTheBehaviorSxProp.js" }}

Reviewer: What exactly is this demo/section describing that's different from the previous section? Is it that you can create your own custom values for the sx CSS keys? I think it could be a bit more clear.

Author: It's about changing how certain CSS keys are processed. For example by default the `borderRadius` value is being multiple by the default theme value, but the demo shows how you can add more keys and use them directly. I will try to rephrase.

Author: I've changed the writing, I hope it is clearer now :)

> 

Reviewer 2: A demo with dynamic computation like in https://stitches.dev/docs/utils could be great. Taking https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/32734#issuecomment-1317538857, it could look like this:`<Box paddingX="medium" />`, or `size`, a property for applying width/height together, we don't have it in the system by default.

Author: Will add the size option 👍

## API

Each key in the `unstable_sx` config can define the following properties:

> - `cssProperty` (_string_ [optional]): Indicates the css property, if it is different than the key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cssProperty` (_string_ [optional]): Indicates the CSS property, if it is different than the key
```

> - `themeKey` (_string_ [optional]): The path of the theme mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `themeKey` (_string_ [optional]): The path of the theme mapping
```

> - `transform` (_(cssValue: unknown, userValue: unknown) => number | string | React.CSSProperties | CSSObject_ [optional]): Allows users to define a function that can transform the value before it is returned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `transform` (_(cssValue: unknown, userValue: unknown) => number | string | React.CSSProperties | CSSObject_ [optional]): Lets users define a function that can transform the value before it's returned
```

> - `style` (_(props: any) => CSSObject_ [optional]): Offers maximum customizability. Note that you need to make sure that the breakpoints values can be processed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `style` (_(props: any) => CSSObject_ [optional]): Offers maximum customizability. Note that you need to make sure that the breakpoint values can be processed
```
